---
layout: authors
title: About Me!
description: This page has some extra information about my hobbies, intersts, and achievements outside of robotics!
---

Hi! Although robotics is a huge part of my life (recently, some would argue the only part) I have a lot of different interests and hobbies that are a big part of who I am and how I see the world. I think that knowing about them helps people better understand my outlook and approach to the world!

I boxed competitively for the University of California, Davis while I was in undergrad getting my BS in biomedical engineering. I placed third in the nation in 2022 in Charlotte, NC and was named an all-american athlete the same year. I also won the sportmanship award at the tournament which is voted on by all the other boxers at the competition based of who they thought contributed to making the competition a positive expereince. Boxing is an integral part of my life and I still do it whenever I can to work out. I thouroughly believe that the discipline and hardwork I put into my boxing career was integral in me becoming who I am now becasue I am not afraid of a challenge or something being difficult. My sport taught me how to persever and be englessly respectful and grateful for those around me. 

I also love music and the community surrounding it. When I was in high school I was apart of jazz band, concert band, marching band, drumline, and even had my own rock band for a little bit! I had this amazing opportunity to go to Europe with a concert band playing the oboe and I still remember how great it felt to be playing with people who actually cared about music just as much as I did. Today, I still play the saxophone and drumset whenever I have time and would love to get back into the other instruments I played.

My mom was also adament from when I was very young that I should be able to draw things that are in my head to help me better communicate with people and express myself. Because of this I took twelve years of classical art classes learning art history, drawing, sketching, oil painting, watercolors, sculpting, and so much more. I'm so thankful that she felt so strongly about this because it helped me learn to think creatively and made me really detail oriented. Art is a great tool to help communicate ideas to people when they involve a lot of part or intricate ideas which has been so helpful to me in engineering. 